feat: Event Stream refactor (#173)
fauna/fauna-go: README.md

}
```

> In query results, the driver represents stream tokens as `fauna.EventSource`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In query results, the driver represents event sources  as `fauna.EventSource`
```
